Psalm 22 the chief musician a psalm of
Psalm 22 the chief musician a psalm of David may the Lord answer you in the day
David may the Lord answer you in the day
David may the Lord answer you in the day of trouble may the name of the God of
of trouble may the name of the God of
of trouble may the name of the God of Jacob defend you may he send you help
Jacob defend you may he send you help
Jacob defend you may he send you help from the sanctuary and strengthen you
from the sanctuary and strengthen you
from the sanctuary and strengthen you out of Zion may he remember all your
out of Zion may he remember all your
out of Zion may he remember all your offerings and accept your burnt
offerings and accept your burnt
offerings and accept your burnt sacrifice may he grant you according to
sacrifice may he grant you according to
sacrifice may he grant you according to your heart's desire and fulfill all your
your heart's desire and fulfill all your
your heart's desire and fulfill all your purpose we will rejoice in your
purpose we will rejoice in your
purpose we will rejoice in your salvation and in the name of our God we
salvation and in the name of our God we
salvation and in the name of our God we will set up our banners
will set up our banners
will set up our banners may the Lord fulfill all your petitions
may the Lord fulfill all your petitions
may the Lord fulfill all your petitions now I know that the Lord saves his
now I know that the Lord saves his
now I know that the Lord saves his anointed he will answer him from his
anointed he will answer him from his
anointed he will answer him from his holy heaven with the saving strength of
holy heaven with the saving strength of
holy heaven with the saving strength of his right hand some trust in chariots
his right hand some trust in chariots
his right hand some trust in chariots and some in horses but we
and some in horses but we
and some in horses but we we'll remember the name of the Lord our
we'll remember the name of the Lord our
we'll remember the name of the Lord our God they have bowed down and fallen
God they have bowed down and fallen
God they have bowed down and fallen but we have risen and stand upright
but we have risen and stand upright
but we have risen and stand upright save Lord
save Lord
save Lord Mayda king the answer us when we call
Mayda king the answer us when we call
Mayda king the answer us when we call you